compiler/packages/babel-plugin-react-compiler/src/__tests__/fixtures/compiler/preserve-memo-validation/error.invalid-useCallback-captures-reassigned-context.expect.md, before:


## Input

```javascript
// @validatePreserveExistingMemoizationGuarantees

import {useCallback} from 'react';
import {makeArray} from 'shared-runtime';

// This case is already unsound in source, so we can safely bailout
function Foo(props) {
  let x = [];
  x.push(props);

  // makeArray() is captured, but depsList contains [props]
  const cb = useCallback(() => [x], [x]);

  x = makeArray();

  return cb;
}
export const FIXTURE_ENTRYPOINT = {
  fn: Foo,
  params: [{}],
};

```


## Error

```
  10 |
  11 |   // makeArray() is captured, but depsList contains [props]
> 12 |   const cb = useCallback(() => [x], [x]);
     |                          ^^^^^^^^^ CannotPreserveMemoization: React Compiler has skipped optimizing this component because the existing manual memoization could not be preserved. This value may be mutated later, which could cause the value to change unexpectedly (12:12)

CannotPreserveMemoization: React Compiler has skipped optimizing this component because the existing manual memoization could not be preserved. This value may be mutated later, which could cause the value to change unexpectedly (12:12)
  13 |
  14 |   x = makeArray();
  15 |
```

Commit message:

[compiler][be] Less ambiguous error messages for validateMemo bailout
ghstack-source-id: 312093ec74d733bccd2d2d8400eaba267c9e33a7
Pull Request resolved: https://github.com/facebook/react/pull/30601

compiler/packages/babel-plugin-react-compiler/src/__tests__/fixtures/compiler/preserve-memo-validation/error.invalid-useCallback-captures-reassigned-context.expect.md, after:


## Input

```javascript
// @validatePreserveExistingMemoizationGuarantees

import {useCallback} from 'react';
import {makeArray} from 'shared-runtime';

// This case is already unsound in source, so we can safely bailout
function Foo(props) {
  let x = [];
  x.push(props);

  // makeArray() is captured, but depsList contains [props]
  const cb = useCallback(() => [x], [x]);

  x = makeArray();

  return cb;
}
export const FIXTURE_ENTRYPOINT = {
  fn: Foo,
  params: [{}],
};

```


## Error

```
  10 |
  11 |   // makeArray() is captured, but depsList contains [props]
> 12 |   const cb = useCallback(() => [x], [x]);
     |                                      ^ CannotPreserveMemoization: React Compiler has skipped optimizing this component because the existing manual memoization could not be preserved. This dependency may be mutated later, which could cause the value to change unexpectedly (12:12)

CannotPreserveMemoization: React Compiler has skipped optimizing this component because the existing manual memoization could not be preserved. This value was memoized in source but not in compilation output. (12:12)
  13 |
  14 |   x = makeArray();
  15 |
```
