compiler/packages/babel-plugin-react-compiler/src/__tests__/fixtures/compiler/error.invalid-use-ref-added-to-dep-without-type-info.expect.md, before:


## Input

```javascript
// @validateRefAccessDuringRender
function Foo({a}) {
  const ref = useRef();
  // type information is lost here as we don't track types of fields
  const val = {ref};
  // without type info, we don't know that val.ref.current is a ref value so we
  // *would* end up depending on val.ref.current
  // however, this is an instance of accessing a ref during render and is disallowed
  // under React's rules, so we reject this input
  const x = {a, val: val.ref.current};

  return <VideoList videos={x} />;
}

```


## Error

```
  3 |   const ref = useRef();
  4 |   // type information is lost here as we don't track types of fields
> 5 |   const val = {ref};
    |                ^^^ InvalidReact: Ref values (the `current` property) may not be accessed during render. (https://react.dev/reference/react/useRef) (5:5)
  6 |   // without type info, we don't know that val.ref.current is a ref value so we
  7 |   // *would* end up depending on val.ref.current
  8 |   // however, this is an instance of accessing a ref during render and is disallowed
```

Commit message:

[compiler] Track refs through object expressions and property lookups
Summary:
This addresses the issue of the compiler being overly restrictive about refs escaping into object expressions. Rather than erroring whenever a ref flows into an object, we will now treat the object itself as a ref, and apply the same escape rules to it. Whenever we look up a property from a ref value, we now don't know whether that value is itself a ref or a ref value, so we assume it's both.

The same logic applies to ref-accessing functions--if such a function is stored in an object, we'll propagate that property to the object itself and any properties looked up from it.

ghstack-source-id: 5c6fcb895d4a1658ce9dddec286aad3a57a4c9f1
Pull Request resolved: https://github.com/facebook/react/pull/30821

compiler/packages/babel-plugin-react-compiler/src/__tests__/fixtures/compiler/error.invalid-use-ref-added-to-dep-without-type-info.expect.md, after:


## Input

```javascript
// @validateRefAccessDuringRender
function Foo({a}) {
  const ref = useRef();
  // type information is lost here as we don't track types of fields
  const val = {ref};
  // without type info, we don't know that val.ref.current is a ref value so we
  // *would* end up depending on val.ref.current
  // however, this is an instance of accessing a ref during render and is disallowed
  // under React's rules, so we reject this input
  const x = {a, val: val.ref.current};

  return <VideoList videos={x} />;
}

```


## Error

```
   8 |   // however, this is an instance of accessing a ref during render and is disallowed
   9 |   // under React's rules, so we reject this input
> 10 |   const x = {a, val: val.ref.current};
     |                      ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ InvalidReact: Ref values (the `current` property) may not be accessed during render. (https://react.dev/reference/react/useRef) (10:10)

InvalidReact: Ref values (the `current` property) may not be accessed during render. (https://react.dev/reference/react/useRef) (10:10)
  11 |
  12 |   return <VideoList videos={x} />;
  13 | }
```
