compiler/packages/babel-plugin-react-forget/src/__tests__/fixtures/compiler/preserve-memo-validation/error.invalid-useCallback-captures-reassigned-context.expect.md, before:


## Input

```javascript
// @validatePreserveExistingMemoizationGuarantees

import { useCallback } from "react";
import { makeArray } from "shared-runtime";

// This case is already unsound in source, so we can safely bailout
function Foo(props) {
  let x = [];
  x.push(props);

  // makeArray() is captured, but depsList contains [props]
  const cb = useCallback(() => [x], [x]);

  x = makeArray();

  return cb;
}
export const FIXTURE_ENTRYPOINT = {
  fn: Foo,
  params: [{}],
};

```


## Error

```
  10 |
  11 |   // makeArray() is captured, but depsList contains [props]
> 12 |   const cb = useCallback(() => [x], [x]);
     |                          ^^^^^^^^^ CannotPreserveMemoization: This value was manually memoized, but cannot be memoized under Forget because it may be mutated after it is memoized (12:12)

CannotPreserveMemoization: This value was manually memoized, but cannot be memoized under Forget because it may be mutated after it is memoized (12:12)
  13 |
  14 |   x = makeArray();
  15 |
```

Commit message:

[dx] Improve error messages for unpreserved memoization
ghstack-source-id: ff5bcaa7ab219035f57dc3dc3396c9a324896d4b
Pull Request resolved: https://github.com/facebook/react-forget/pull/2869

compiler/packages/babel-plugin-react-forget/src/__tests__/fixtures/compiler/preserve-memo-validation/error.invalid-useCallback-captures-reassigned-context.expect.md, after:


## Input

```javascript
// @validatePreserveExistingMemoizationGuarantees

import { useCallback } from "react";
import { makeArray } from "shared-runtime";

// This case is already unsound in source, so we can safely bailout
function Foo(props) {
  let x = [];
  x.push(props);

  // makeArray() is captured, but depsList contains [props]
  const cb = useCallback(() => [x], [x]);

  x = makeArray();

  return cb;
}
export const FIXTURE_ENTRYPOINT = {
  fn: Foo,
  params: [{}],
};

```


## Error

```
  10 |
  11 |   // makeArray() is captured, but depsList contains [props]
> 12 |   const cb = useCallback(() => [x], [x]);
     |                          ^^^^^^^^^ CannotPreserveMemoization: React Compiler has skipped optimizing this component because the existing manual memoization could not be preserved. This value may be mutated later, which could cause the value to change unexpectedly (12:12)

CannotPreserveMemoization: React Compiler has skipped optimizing this component because the existing manual memoization could not be preserved. This value may be mutated later, which could cause the value to change unexpectedly (12:12)
  13 |
  14 |   x = makeArray();
  15 |
```
