compiler/packages/babel-plugin-react-forget/src/__tests__/fixtures/compiler/error.todo-useCallback-accesses-ref-mutated-later-via-function-preserve-memoization.expect.md, before:


## Input

```javascript
// @enablePreserveExistingMemoizationGuarantees
import { useCallback, useRef } from "react";

function Component(props) {
  const ref = useRef({ inner: null });

  const onChange = useCallback((event) => {
    // The ref should still be mutable here even though function deps are frozen in
    // @enablePreserveExistingMemoizationGuarantees mode
    ref.current.inner = event.target.value;
  });

  // The ref is modified later, extending its range and preventing memoization of onChange
  const reset = () => {
    ref.current.inner = null;
  };
  reset();

  return <input onChange={onChange} />;
}

export const FIXTURE_ENTRYPOINT = {
  fn: Component,
  params: [{}],
};

```


## Error

```
[ReactForget] InvalidReact: This value was manually memoized, but cannot be memoized under Forget because it may be mutated after it is memoized (7:11)

[ReactForget] InvalidReact: This value was manually memoized, but cannot be memoized under Forget because it may be mutated after it is memoized (7:11)
```

Commit message:

Add code frame to snap errors
Add code frame to snap errors 

This should make it easier (possible) to see if errors point at the right lines. 

No idea why I had to add 1 to the column, you'd think it's all babel-standard 
(whatever it is) and there wouldn't be off by one errors, but I'm not quite in 
the mood to debug babel issues more then necessary right now...

compiler/packages/babel-plugin-react-forget/src/__tests__/fixtures/compiler/error.todo-useCallback-accesses-ref-mutated-later-via-function-preserve-memoization.expect.md, after:


## Input

```javascript
// @enablePreserveExistingMemoizationGuarantees
import { useCallback, useRef } from "react";

function Component(props) {
  const ref = useRef({ inner: null });

  const onChange = useCallback((event) => {
    // The ref should still be mutable here even though function deps are frozen in
    // @enablePreserveExistingMemoizationGuarantees mode
    ref.current.inner = event.target.value;
  });

  // The ref is modified later, extending its range and preventing memoization of onChange
  const reset = () => {
    ref.current.inner = null;
  };
  reset();

  return <input onChange={onChange} />;
}

export const FIXTURE_ENTRYPOINT = {
  fn: Component,
  params: [{}],
};

```


## Error

```
   5 |   const ref = useRef({ inner: null });
   6 |
>  7 |   const onChange = useCallback((event) => {
     |                    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>  8 |     // The ref should still be mutable here even though function deps are frozen in
     | ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
>  9 |     // @enablePreserveExistingMemoizationGuarantees mode
     | ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> 10 |     ref.current.inner = event.target.value;
     | ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> 11 |   });
     | ^^^^^ [ReactForget] InvalidReact: This value was manually memoized, but cannot be memoized under Forget because it may be mutated after it is memoized (7:11)

[ReactForget] InvalidReact: This value was manually memoized, but cannot be memoized under Forget because it may be mutated after it is memoized (7:11)
  12 |
  13 |   // The ref is modified later, extending its range and preventing memoization of onChange
  14 |   const reset = () => {
```
